good morning winner take a deep breath
visualize the mountain of your success
and look down at everyone who's ever
doubted you
those losers them in their
stupid faces she's got a really
cute smile a me-too knows how many girls
are gonna be up your vagina not sure
every time I come to visit you you're
gonna be scissoring a different girl
dude scissoring is not a thing don't not
gonna deny it
go knock it until you've tried it it's
the last day we got you through high
school I need to go fan of your budget
numbers man we just graduate head off to
college that should do it right I can't
hear you I can't soundproof glass we
have to go to a party to me what nobody
knows that we are fun they didn't party
because we wanted to focus on school and
get into good colleges and it worked
irresponsible people who partied also
got into those colleges I'm incredible
at hand jobs but I also got a 1560 on
the SATs anything we haven't broken any
rules name one person whose life was so
much better because they broke a couple
of rules awesome he broke our rules Rosa
Parks naman else was in the anthony god
damn it picture this
hand sanitizer happy chapstick
tap mace listen it is very important
that you keep the safety
oh my god
[Music]
well it seems excessive shotgun just
kidding I don't have one don't see we're
having a date night why it's funny your
parents think we're boning what you do
have is fashion we are to show each
other how much we care about each other
well probably just do a korean face mask
i don't need to know all the words
[Music]